README.md, before:

# Revision Software CSC2032
### Synopsis 
The purpose of this program is to ask the same questions found in the tutorials and quizzes. But with different variables 
in place.
For example tracing depth-first search on a randomly generated graph, or providing the Big O of a randomly generated 
expression. This purpose has been achieved for <b>some</b> questions, <b> not all.</b> 

The topics described in the CSC2032 module are defined as either objects with rules that behave exactly as shown in 
lectures, or as functions as shown in the lecture notes. 

### Questions
<b>All questions</b> output correctly calculated answers if answered incorrectly.
* <b>Big O</b> - evaluate whether two random expressions are equal or not
* <b>Big O</b> - evaluate whether one random expression has a worse Big O than another random expression
* <b>Big O</b> - input the Big O term of a random expression
* <b>Big O</b> - input the Big O classifications in ascending order or descending order
* <b>Insertion Sort</b> - given blocks of traces user must input which one corresponds to insertion sort
* <b>Insertion Sort</b> - given an array of random values the user must provide high-level traces of insertion sort applied
* <b>Insertion Sort</b> - displays an array partially sorted by insertion sort. The original array is display with others that are not 
the original array. The user must pick out the correct array. 
* <b>Quicksort</b> - input high-level traces applied to an array of randomly generated values
* <b>Quicksort</b> - input high-level traces of partition algorithm applied to an array of randomly generated values
* <b>Quicksort</b> - user is presented with low level traces of quicksort. one of the lines may be wrong the user must respond 
with the line or 'none'.
* <b>Binary Search</b> - input the high-level traces of searching for a value in a randomly generated array
* <b>Binary Search Tree</b> - construct a BST from an array of random integers and input each depth
* <b>Binary Search Tree</b> - input each depth of already constructed BST after inserting a new value
* <b>Binary Search Tree</b> - input high level traces for searching for a key in a BST
* <b>Hashing</b> - given an array of random values input the resultant array after inserting them using Linear Probing
* <b>Hashing</b> - given a LinearProbe's values the user must indicate which array of random values produced the LinearProbe
* <b>Hashing</b> - input high-level traces for searching for a value in a array of values inserted using Linear Probing
* <b>Hashing</b> - input the resultant array after deleting a value using Linear Probing and hashing
* <b>String Searching</b> - input the number of comparisons when brute force is applied to two random strings
* <b>String Searching</b> - input the Knuth-Morris-Pratt (KMP) table of a randomly generated string
* <b>String Searching</b> - given a randomly generated KMP table input a string that would generate that table 
* <b>String Searching</b> - input high-level traces of KMP applied to two random strings
* <b>Graph</b> - input the traversal order of depth-first search for a randomly generated graph
* <b>Graph</b> - input the traversal order of breadth-first search for a randomly generated graph
* <b>Graph</b> - input which traversal algorithm will reach a random node in a randomly generated graph first
* <b>Graph</b> - input the path and sum of the nearest neighbour algorithm for a randomly generated 'city' graph
* <b>Graph</b> - input the minimal spanning tree nodes and weights for a randomly generated weighted graph

### Requirements
* PyCharm Community Edition (or Higher)  
* Python 3 (or Higher)

### How To Use - Entry Point
Fork this project and run main.py. Upon running the program you will be prompted with:

    Please enter either of the following strings below: 
        'random' - Questions will be chosen at random
        'order' - Questions will be called in order learned

    Enter choice: 
Typing <b>'order'</b> and pressing <b>enter</b>, the questions will be presented in the order learned during the module.
Typing <b>'random'</b> and pressing <b>enter</b>, a random question will be presented, after answering, another will and
so on...     
    
### License

See the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file for license details.

### Acknowledgements

* <b>[Jason Steggles](https://www.ncl.ac.uk/computing/people/profile/jasonsteggles.html#background)</b> -
 Lecturer of CSC2032 Module and original author of questions featured

### Author

* Name: <b>Lee Taylor</b>

Commit message:

Added 'orderx' see README for more details

README.md, after:

# Revision Software CSC2032
### Synopsis 
The purpose of this program is to ask the same questions found in the tutorials and quizzes. But with different variables 
in place.
For example tracing depth-first search on a randomly generated graph, or providing the Big O of a randomly generated 
expression. This purpose has been achieved for <b>some</b> questions, <b> not all.</b> 

The topics described in the CSC2032 module are defined as either objects with rules that behave exactly as shown in 
lectures, or as functions as shown in the lecture notes. 

### Questions
<b>All questions</b> output correctly calculated answers if answered incorrectly.
* <b>Big O</b> - evaluate whether two random expressions are equal or not
* <b>Big O</b> - evaluate whether one random expression has a worse Big O than another random expression
* <b>Big O</b> - input the Big O term of a random expression
* <b>Big O</b> - input the Big O classifications in ascending order or descending order
* <b>Insertion Sort</b> - given blocks of traces user must input which one corresponds to insertion sort
* <b>Insertion Sort</b> - given an array of random values the user must provide high-level traces of insertion sort applied
* <b>Insertion Sort</b> - displays an array partially sorted by insertion sort. The original array is display with others that are not 
the original array. The user must pick out the correct array. 
* <b>Quicksort</b> - input high-level traces applied to an array of randomly generated values
* <b>Quicksort</b> - input high-level traces of partition algorithm applied to an array of randomly generated values
* <b>Quicksort</b> - user is presented with low level traces of quicksort. one of the lines may be wrong the user must respond 
with the line or 'none'.
* <b>Binary Search</b> - input the high-level traces of searching for a value in a randomly generated array
* <b>Binary Search Tree</b> - construct a BST from an array of random integers and input each depth
* <b>Binary Search Tree</b> - input each depth of already constructed BST after inserting a new value
* <b>Binary Search Tree</b> - input high level traces for searching for a key in a BST
* <b>Hashing</b> - given an array of random values input the resultant array after inserting them using Linear Probing
* <b>Hashing</b> - given a LinearProbe's values the user must indicate which array of random values produced the LinearProbe
* <b>Hashing</b> - input high-level traces for searching for a value in a array of values inserted using Linear Probing
* <b>Hashing</b> - input the resultant array after deleting a value using Linear Probing and hashing
* <b>String Searching</b> - input the number of comparisons when brute force is applied to two random strings
* <b>String Searching</b> - input the Knuth-Morris-Pratt (KMP) table of a randomly generated string
* <b>String Searching</b> - given a randomly generated KMP table input a string that would generate that table 
* <b>String Searching</b> - input high-level traces of KMP applied to two random strings
* <b>Graph</b> - input the traversal order of depth-first search for a randomly generated graph
* <b>Graph</b> - input the traversal order of breadth-first search for a randomly generated graph
* <b>Graph</b> - input which traversal algorithm will reach a random node in a randomly generated graph first
* <b>Graph</b> - input the path and sum of the nearest neighbour algorithm for a randomly generated 'city' graph
* <b>Graph</b> - input the minimal spanning tree nodes and weights for a randomly generated weighted graph

### Requirements
* PyCharm Community Edition (or Higher)  
* Python 3 (or Higher)

### How To Use - Entry Point
Fork this project and run main.py. Upon running the program you will be prompted with:

    Please enter either of the following strings below: 
        'random' - Questions will be chosen at random
        'order' - Questions will be called in order learned

    Enter choice: 
Typing <b>'random'</b> and pressing <b>enter</b>, random questions will be asked to no end.  
Typing <b>'order'</b> and pressing <b>enter</b>, the questions will be presented in the order learned during the module.  
Typing <b>'orderx'</b> and pressing <b>enter</b>, each question programmed will be called x times, where x is equal to
user input. Questions are presented in the order learned during the module.
    
### License

See the [LICENSE](/LICENSE) file for license details.

### Acknowledgements

* <b>[Jason Steggles](https://www.ncl.ac.uk/computing/people/profile/jasonsteggles.html#background)</b> -
 Lecturer of CSC2032 Module and original author of questions featured

### Author

* Name: <b>Lee Taylor</b>
